https://codepen.io/wb1110/pen/oNwJOeL


    1. What is Semantic HTML? HTML with a clear meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? Building the structure of your webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute provides additional information about an element, and are always found in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The primary header, and one time.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. img and html tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? metadata
    7. What is an id? An identifier that must be unique in the whole document
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any html elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
    10. What is a class? A less specific identifier that can be used multiple times
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any html element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Unlimited
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? If the user's browser does not support the original image
    15. How do I reference an id? #identifier {}
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? Section is more specific and semantic
    17. What is CSS used for? Adding style to your html structure
    18. How to we select an element? h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? id if you want to change a single section, and class if you want to change multiple sections
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? When you want to make changes to the majority of the document you can make changes to the parent element, then to overide for a specific instance you can select the child element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? Selects elements that are in a specific state, such as being moused over or clicked.
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines? line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px, dotted, black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? body {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm <file> Because it won't let you double check
    34. Why should I use version control? To clearly document changes to my file
    35. How often should I commit to github? Every 20 minutes or when big changes are made.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, clone, git clone, git checkout, code ., work on project, git add, git commit, git push, create a pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? block elements cause a line break to occur 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? It does not move and is taken out of the flow
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? element {width: _px}
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
div, header, footer | a, img, span | ?
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
Box model sets a border, margin, and padding for elements to be arranged easier. Define border: width in CSS.
